WU WEI. Effortless action, every day.
Maintain freedom. Open calendar. Never lose this or you will be miserable.
You’re best working 8 hours a day, doing what you want. Be playful. Be happy today.
Be Arthur Dent making sandwiches.
Most decisions are reversible. Make decisions fast, but consider potential downside and upside. Write the pros and cons. Look at how they play out. Consider values.
Focus on giving and helping others. Always think preeminently.
Live a simple life. Money won't make you happy. Love what already is. Be grateful.
Have a slight edge. Your entire life is a set of systems. Everything is a system.
Make bold bets. Slay sacred cows. Celebrate failure. Kill ideas fast.
Master a skill then codify and delegate. Work on your business, not in it.
Have an “options” strategy. A business that can run without me (don’t be the guru).
Temperance (self-control), equanimity (stability) and tranquility (inner peace).
Integrity and authenticity are everything in this age of distrust.
Focus on building assets. Find the hidden assets within the business and exploit.
If it’s not a “hell FUCKING yeah!!!”, it’s a no. Have the courage to say no more often. Don’t leave any decisions in limbo, make decisions on the spot.
Focus on enjoyment, fulfillment, and value creation - not growth/revenue.
Be a who’er. Focus on hiring and leadership, not management.
Don’t forget production capability - it’s all for nothing if you burn out or don’t have fun.
If I feel like I need a holiday, something is wrong.
Good enough is good enough. Move fast and break things!
How you do one thing is how you do everything. Every slice of action ought to reflect the whole. So, be remarkable in everything you do.
Focus on the change I seek to make in the world, and nothing else i.e. every musician who records themselves has the ability to do so to a radio-ready standard.
Be like Zig Ziglar and move into town. You’re in it for the long haul - show people.
What one thing will float all other boats?
Knowing what I know now, how would I do this differently?
What would this look like if it were easy?
"He has the most who is most content with the least.”
"If there is little chance of achieving the kind of revolution you are seeking, then you need to look around for a strategy with better prospects of actually helping some poor people.”
"Only two things grow for the sake of growth: businesses and tumors.”
"The only way to keep your organization up to date with the changing requirements of the market is to be in a state of perpetual revolution. Tear down the existing structure again and again, and continue doing so, is the only possible way to keep moving ahead.”
"An obsession for action over everything else is essential. If your company isn’t making mistakes from time to time, you’re not at the leading edge of anything.
"You never assume you can’t do something. Just because no one’s doing it doesn’t mean it can’t be done.”
"Pretend you are leaving the company in six months with no replacement, overhaul your organization and train your people to take over your job, and then find a new way to add value. And be prepared to repeat the cycle, over and over again (maybe with different employees) until you retire.”
"It’s much easier to double your business by doubling your conversion rate than doubling your traffic.”
"We’ve had three big ideas at Amazon that we’ve stuck with for 18 years, and they’re the reason we’re successful: Put the customer first. Invent. And be patient. The most important thing: Focus obsessively on the customer.”
"If you don’t know where you’re going, any road will get you there”
"When you give yourself permission to think about a problem as if it were already solved, the solution becomes possible.”
"Most people overestimate what they can do in one year, and underestimate what they can do in ten years.”
"Really successful people say NO to almost everything”
"Culture eats strategy for breakfast.”
"If each of us hires people who are smaller than we are, we shall become a company of dwarfs. But if each of us hires people who are bigger than we are, we shall become a company of giants."
Spend 1 hour learning every day. Apply the 50/50 rule and spend just as much time teaching or applying.
"Focus on big wins. Not incremental improvement. And now for something completely different"
Productivity is for robots. When you focus on productivity, goals and moving fast, it makes you miserable and you don't live in present. Practicing mind. Seagull shit.
Avoid this mindset of 'people won’t do X or Y'. This should be a red flag e.g. people won't pay $1.8k. Start with facts, then reason from there - instead of using reason to come to a conclusion and then trying to support that with evidence
What's the quickest, easiest and cheapest way to disprove this hypothesis?
All good things are just preferred indifferents, and bad things are dispreferred
"The problem with relentless optimizing is that eventually, you have a porn site."
When optimizing a system, don't focus on optimizing single nodes. Changing each node will have an impact on the whole system. For example, improving conversion rate higher up the funnel might make whole system (and therefore sales) worse.
Let your team make decisions even if you disagree. You can't be right all the time. Disagree and commit.
Fail harder, fail faster, fail forward. Live in the dip.